Instructions to use the Jupyter hub for the course:

Composite and Lightweight Materials: Design and Analysis (4MM00)

Auhor: Joris Remmers

INTRODUCTION

The python libraries and the jupyter scripts in this folder can be
used to solve the problems presented in the lectures on 
Classical Laminate Theory, Failure, Plate Equations and
Design and Structures. These codes can also be used to answer the
questions and to generate the report Assignment III.

CONTENTS

The files are organised in a number of directories.

|
|---lib
|---general
|---examples
    |
    |---clt
    |---designStructures
    |---failure
    |---plateEquations

    
The directory lib contains the latest version of the python library
copmposite.py. In principle, you do not have to change or add code 
in this file, but you are encouraged to have a look at it in order
to improve your understanding of the models and the programming
language Python. The examples for the various modules are stored
in the corresponding subdirectories under examples. The directory
general contains a few example jupyter file.

Please note that the library composite.py is copied into all 
subdirectories that contain files that use this library.

FIRST USE

You can use a Jupyter notebook file (a file with the extension .ipynb)
by simply clicking it. You can not make modifications or produce a 
latex text output as long as this file is located in the /share directory
for the simple reason that you don't have permission to write in this
directory.

In order to modify notebook file, or ucreate a new file, you must 
copy the file (and the library composite.py) to your own root folder (/)
or create a directory first. Here you can make modifications, create 
new files and export your notobook to a pdf (via File -> Download as ->
PDF via LaTeX).

THE TERMINAL

In order to copy and move files, Jupyter notebook offers little GUI 
support. Instead, you can use the built-in terminal to move files
and create directories.

To open a terminal, one can click in the pulldown menu new in the
Jupyter hub main page the option terminal (new -> terminal). This
will open a new tab in your webbrowser with a terminal with a black
background. You are currently in the root directory. 

You can type in commands after the ~$. A concise, but far from complete
list of commands is given here.

  ls          shows the contents (files and directories) in the current \
              directory.
  
  pwd         shows the path to the current directory.
  
  mkdir NAME  creates a new directory NAME in the current directory.
  
  cd NAME     you go to the directory NAME. By typing cd .. you go one 
              directory up.
              
  cp A B      copies the file A to file B. In case file A is in a different
              directory you must add the relative path, e.g.:
              
              cp share/A  B    
              
                copies the file in share/A to file B in the current directory
              
              cp ../tmp/A .
              
                copies the file A in the directory ../tmp to the current 
                directory, denoted by the (.).
                
  mv A B      moves file A to B. Similar to copy, but the original file will 
              be deleted.
              
  rm A        removes (deletes) file A. Note: this cannot be undone.
  
  rmdir D     removes (deletes) directory D. The directory needs to be empty. 
              Note: this cannot be undone.
    




